So the decisions that I made on a daily basis at CES on my my four different
ships, you know, pertains to what was the vision of the ship.
So, for instance, I had to make sure that as an engineering officer,
A ll both engines online, ready to go. And if we didn't have any interfering
parts, I had three gas turbines that provided all the electrical
power for their ships along the lights. All the power for the
computer. Well, it's one of the equipment If one of the generators
went down now I'm in a casualty responsible, and my decisions would
revolve around what it would take to keep that generator. That electrical
mood morning. You would think that's an easy decision. But it,
Zelig, when you're driving your car, you've got to go from Washington
D c down to, uh, no, fool. Do you have another dance in your car?
Can you get the car from point A to point B? Same thing with the ship.
You have to know, What is it gonna take to keep that ship running?
Well, in this case, you don't have a gas station. So the decisions
that I have to make every day are to make sure that I am so sustained.
And I have enough equipment. Resource is personnel. Keep that
shit running shipshape. So speak on time. Um, and underway under budget,
because again, departments divisions, you all have budgets that
you have to maintain. So do we have enough fuel tomorrow? And I'm gonna
be taking on fuel from the Shasta. Okay. What is that gonna take?
That means I need to make sure that my fueling alignment to receive
fuel. That was a personal thing, That responsibility for the chief
engineer. I had to personally verify available line so that when we
took fuel from another ship keep us under way, doing our mission for
the nation. That was my personal responsibility. My job was to make
sure that every one of those valves was a line. And I had a dedicated
checklist to do that. So there's no one. Where is my checklist
decision over to Can I get and see every one of those vowels Inspect.
Expect what you inspect. So I have to run around and that that it's
things like that. Evidently, evolution doesn't sound like much, but
when you're the person responsible for taking on fuel to make sure
that we don't spill any fuel when we're taking on fuel, that's a very
you know. That's a very heavy responsibility and requires a lot of
fought dedic dedication, and you've got to do it.